[Music]
eight dream signs you shouldn't ignore
how often do you wake up in the morning
thinking what on earth was that dream
about even though our dreams seem
pointless and ridiculous they often give
us very important warnings and messages
that can totally change our lives but
before you find out the true meanings
behind your weirdest dreams don't forget
to hit subscribe and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side of life dreams have always
fascinated people to this day
psychologists conduct extensive research
to try and figure out what happens in
our mind and body when we sleep but do
dreams actually have meanings or are
they just short movies that your
subconsciousness randomly creates in
ancient Egypt those with colorful and
vivid dreams were considered to be
special people so special that most of
their dreams were recorded on papyrus
the Egyptians firmly believed that
divine revelation came from dreams in
which you could find all the answers to
your worries and gain wisdom in the 19th
and 20th centuries Sigmund Freud a
famous neurologist and the founder of
psychoanalysis introduced his perception
of dreaming in his book the
interpretation of dreams according to
Freud when your consciousness is asleep
and resting your subconsciousness wakes
up and produces images that give you a
little sneak peak into your deepest self
basically your dreams can reflect all
your inner worries and fears and even
give you certain warnings but which type
of dream can be considered a red flag
well there are a couple number one
flying dreams about flying usually make
you feel happy relaxed and inspired and
their meaning is pretty much the same if
you often fly in your dreams it means
that you're ready to make bold decisions
in your life and change it completely
nonetheless there is a darker meaning as
well flying might show that you have too
much on your plate at the moment and
that you desperately want to fly above
all your problems either way these
dreams are a way for your
subconsciousness
to tell you that something needs to be
change if you want to feel this level of
lightness and happiness in reality take
a closer look at your life and try to
figure out a way to make it brighter
[Music]
number 2 falling pretty much everyone
has a dream about falling at least once
in their lifetime
moreover researchers claim that the
average person dreams about falling more
than five times in their life it's no
surprise since we all relate to the
meaning behind this dream losing control
from here everything depends on the
context of your dream
were you pushed did you just lose your
balance if somebody pushed you this
means you're putting too much pressure
on yourself if you know the person who
pushed you they're probably the one to
blame for your stress however if you
just lost your balance the problems are
definitely coming from you you're going
through an unstable period in your life
and your main goal should be to work on
your confidence and become more
assertive if you're trying to hold on in
your dream that's both a good and bad
sign you're trying your best to fix a
real-life situation but it's totally out
of your control that's why your
subconsciousness advises you to let it
go and accept it as it is
number 3 being lost
do you often dream about being lost
according to psychologists this type of
dream can have various meanings and
explanations the most obvious one is
that you have lost your way in reality
and you know that deep down but you keep
going your subconsciousness is trying to
reach out and warn you that you're going
in the wrong direction the anxiety and
panic you feel in your dream is just a
reflection of how your deepest self
feels right now if you can't find your
way home in your dream this means that
in real life you're postponing a very
important decision that needs to be made
so pluck up your courage listen to your
gut and do it
number four being chased dreams of being
chased are especially common among
people who suffer from anxiety and
depression psychologically speaking
these dreams reflect that you're trying
to avoid something in your waking life
so the next time you have this dream try
to remember who is chasing you if it was
a total stranger it's a sign that you're
hiding from a work or home related
problem if it was an animal you probably
have a lot of suppressed anger within
you you tend to bottle up your feelings
instead of letting them out so your
subconsciousness tries to do it while
you're sleeping but if you're being
chased by yourself it's a strong signal
that you're neglecting parts of your
personality that need your attention all
you have to do is spend some time alone
figure out what's wrong and balance it
out number five being trapped those
dreams about not being able to get out
of somewhere never failed to make you
panic right well they can indicate that
you're stuck in real life too you
desperately want to change something and
move on but you can't get out of your
job your relationship your friendship or
whatever the situation happens to be
your deepest self feels helpless and
cries for help so whenever you have this
kind of dream it's time to take action
and unapologetically remove everything
that doesn't make you happy
psychologists suggest that being trapped
in a dream can show that you're holding
on to your past and therefore can't live
fully in your present take some time to
re-evaluate your behavior habits and
attitude make sure they reflect the
courage you not somebody you used to be
number six losing teeth psychologists
are sure that dreams about your teeth
are closely connected to the fear of
losing your attractiveness and youth
you're afraid that people will reject
you if you become less appealing and
even though it seems like a completely
natural fear if such dreams are
recurring it's a serious problem their
repetition shows that your self-esteem
lacks balance which means you're highly
vulnerable to other people's opinions we
use our teeth to bite chew and tear and
a lack of them in your dream symbolizes
that you're powerless without any
visually attractive attributes consider
this dream a wake-up call from you
pissed self learn to love yourself for
who you are not how you look number
seven being naked we usually see this in
movies everything starts normally but
then the main character suddenly
realizes they're naked
screams and wakes up even if you've
never had these dreams psychologists say
that they're pretty common and that's
because they tackle an important issue
the fear of being judged if you notice
that you often have dreams in which you
appear naked in front of people this
might indicate that you often try to
hide your true personality to please
others this way naked dreams are similar
to those in which you lose teeth with
one little exception it's not about your
looks
instead it's about your personal and
unique characteristics and quirks this
dream is a signal for you to learn how
to fully accept yourself and feel whole
without public approval number eight
meeting a celebrity according to Lowry
Loewenberg dream expert and author of
the book dream on it unlock your dreams
change your life if celebrities are
frequent guests in your dreams it may
signify your desire for the validation
and recognition you're not getting the
type of celebrities that appear in your
dreams are also important when decoding
the meaning their field of work can
reveal a lot about what you value and
admire maybe deep down you want to be a
singer an actor or a TV show host use
these dreams to figure out what your
subconsciousness is craving and you'll
notice fewer celebrities in your future
dream scenarios what's the craziest
dream you've ever had tell us in the
comment section below don't forget to
hit the like button share this video
with your friends and click Subscribe
stay on the bright side
[Music]